MOFIÉ,
I was obese, and that was sort of a wake up call.
I was trying to figure out what could
I do to make it so that I could get some exercise into my daily life.
I borrowed a bike from a friend one day
and it seemed pretty good here in Queens,
so a few days later I went into the city and I bought a bike,
rode it home and I've been riding back and forth to work ever since.
The ride takes me about 40 minutes.
My subway commute was also about 40 minutes,
so I'm getting an hour and 20 minutes of exercise every day.
When the Daily News did an article on me I thought it was kind
of funny and I had actually gone on vacation
so I came home and the internet had blown up.
The article said, you know, I'd lost 30 pounds and as of yesterday
I've now lost 45 pounds.
I know of seven people who have since taken up bike riding again
since I started riding.
I'm not sure if I'm an inspiration
or they just saw me doing it,
it was sort of a catalyst
for them to do what they'd already been planning to do.
Marcus was a real inspiration to me.
Last month I went out and bought my bicycle
and I've been commuting to work almost every day since.
It's been really inspiring to get in shape myself.
If he can do it, I can do too, so I bought a bike and here I am.
I saw how much weight he had lost doing it
and it just sounded like a really fun idea.
One of the bumpy spots in my old commute
was riding across Queens Plaza.
Riding a bike was always a bit nerve-wracking,
navigating your way through that,
so I'm thrilled this city is finally building a protected bike
and pedestrian path,
a way for people to get on and off that bridge.
I love riding around the city.
I love watching the people,
the buildings, going through the different neighbourhoods,
watching the seasons change, the people change.
It's a really magical experience.